taxi and hotel rate data (#59)
tidymodels/modeldata: NEWS.md

# modeldata (development version)

* Added a regression data set, `hotel_rates`, for predicting the average daily hotel rate. 

> * Added a classification data set (`taxi`) to predict whether people tip cab drivers in Chicago. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a classification data set, `taxi`, for predicting whether people tip cab drivers in Chicago. 
```
